>> Erik Reinert: What did we do, right?
So we proposed different scenarios, right?
I think you fully understand that now.
And you see the scenarios
that we went through, right?
We evaluated multiple solutions.
You didn't just come out of this
course building one deployment.
You started somewhere and then you
went through the process of building
out that deployment all the way
till a much larger scale, or
at least what would be
a much larger scale, right?
We iterated over existing changes.
I showed you guys how to start in one
place and then kind of move to the right
so that you're not blocking
developer's productivity and
any other things like that.
And then once you've done that,
you kind of move back over to the left so
that they can continue working over here,
but
then you can keep moving forward as well
as reusing things you've already created.
We already had GitHub actions.
We already had AWS credentials in GitHub
actions, so we could reuse GitHub
actions to run Terraform as well as our
deployments have more automation and
more benefits to what we're building.
Yeah, and we adapted for future scenarios.
So one thing to note is every
step of the phases that we
went through was just a preparation for
the next step.
You start out on App Runner running some
SSM and that prepares you for the next
step of like, okay, let's get some
automation and some CI and some CD, right?
That's kind of the evolution of it.
And then eventually you go like,
all right,
we're gonna take ownership over this now.
We're gonna keep taking
on future problems, but
keep making sure we adapt for
future solutions as well, right?
And I think you can see how we built that
path of, okay, we can start here, but
it won't be terrible to get here when
we want to in the future, right?
So what did we learn?
How to approach, again,
how to approach different scenarios.
I think this is when I first started
thinking about this course and
the things I hear often on stream or
other people asking me, it's not so
much, how do I build this one cluster or
whatever.
It's more like, how do I gain experience?
And so what you experienced over the last
two days is really what you would deal
with normally at the day and
day job, building and
learning how to grow something.
You learned how to make
impactful decisions as well.
I definitely feel like you are all much
more confident now in at least being able
to say like, okay,
maybe this isn't a good decision yet.
Maybe this is how you
can actually help and
impact the business part of the company.
How to grow a managing infrastructure,
again,
we started in start-up,
moved through growth all the way to scale.
You got to see the application
kind of live in multiple scenarios
as it got lifted up higher and higher
into its new and its final destination.
And then, yeah,
how to manage deployment strategies.
You saw how we can deploy
directly from CI to an instance.
We showed how you can use AWS to
trigger tasks and run them remotely.
We showed how you can deploy
on main versus deploy on prod.
Right, so there's a lot of options
with how you can do stuff.
And one other thing to note,
you don't have to use a prod branch.
For example, if you're like,
you know what, let's use tags, right,
then you could just say, okay,
listen on tags and when tags run,
then run the deploy branch or
run the deploy job, right?
There's not a lot of limitations here,
you can kinda do whatever you want.
So those strategies I hope are helpful
when you're trying to move in the future.
I do build things on the Internet.
Like I said, that's my personal GitHub.
That's my company's GitHub,
where all the other course information and
stuff exists, my Twitch, YouTube,
Twitter, and engineering blog.
But yeah, thank you guys so much.
Again, part of this job is there's
tons of information out there and
I'm really glad that you listened,
so thank you.
I appreciate it.
>> Students: [APPLAUSE]